with Grand Theft Auto 5 Rockstar tried
to reimagine the open-world game in a
number of ways the game world is
beautiful massive and diverse
a sprawling satirical reimagining of
modern Southern California covering
mountains and oceans expensive stores
and strip malls urban decay and
untouched wilderness the
and backwards the sub line and the
ridiculous
greed and hypocrisy you tell me exactly
what you want and I will very carefully
explain to you why it cannot be what
so what we doing here we're working
amigo for the first time
the game features not one but three
would-be heroes so now whether Michael a
one successful bank robber and now less
successful family man you know you're a
real asshole
what did you just say to me Franklin
Congress street hustler convinced he's
surrounded by morons can't we pull the
assets of a dead man
bitch seeking cheap asshole and then
there's Trevor the less said about him
the better
introducing three lead characters
transforms both the narrative into one
in a woven story and the structure of
individual missions players can cut
between vantage points back up here and
from one high-octane moment to another
this helps to get missions new levels of
diversity and intensity when not on a
mission the use of three lead characters
also allow for a touch of voyeurism as
you can drop in at any moment and find
out what your new friends have been up
to as they go about their days
the world is not only huge it's packed
with a vast array of things to see and
do cars to customize
planes to fly close Dubai sports to play
Nirvana's to pursue oceans to die
animals to spot hunt and be hunted by
freaks to watch meet and befriend
bounties dad Oh simply one and you some
way are stuck between joyful and peachy
there's also been a huge focus on
mechanics in the game to make every
aspect as fun and fluid as it is broad
everything from driving and shooting to
tennis and bike riding feels fun and
responsive
however alongside all of this leisure
people also have to take care of
business for all their pretensions these
men are dangerous thieves in industrial
area right so I'm thinking vehicles
trash trucks block Co props to survive
they have to set up and pull off a
series of increasingly audacious heists
gentlemen some plans for your attention
the player sets things up themselves
then decides how they execute them and
with food there's two ways I see of
doing this we go in smart let's go
where we go in loud and dumb this is
your moment
please don't make you ruin all the great
work your plastic surgeons have been
doing after the take is divided you
decide what to spend your money on
anything from sensible investments like
tattoos and fast cars
to risky ventures like stocks and Los
Santos real estate and then there's
brand Theft Auto online which we will
show you properly soon